hey everybody otto shook his project
here and check this out new toy for my
camera so yes this is a new equipment
not a toy but a new piece of equipment
for my point shoot camera specifically a
Canon and this is right here is actually
a do-it-yourself Merlin design camera
stabilizer it's called the silver flyer
and I got this idea originally from Def
and young check out his video up here
and what it is is it's a again based off
of Merlin camera stabilizer and it's a
lot cheaper than buying the actual thing
I built this myself with all the parts
that you see are actually all the stuff
that you see right here for about 40
bucks now mind you the price that I
built this is subjective meaning that
the things I need to get and the
equipment that you need to use is prices
vary so it may cost about 40 bucks may
cost less may cost above 40 bucks but
it's held cheaper than getting the
Merlin camera stabilizer so again got
this from Def and Young it's called the
silver flyer again and it's my first
it's my first time actually using this
this right here's actually peer test
footage I haven't put it out in a real
world test for the ASP yet there's other
videos I also had to research beside
Stefan Yaga there's other people that
did the silver flyer there's one guy
called Maserati pirata check back video
over here and
he built a silver flyer based off the
instructions of a deaf and young
basically the same thing except for
pirata he had specific information and
where to cut the holes in the electrical
pipe so I got information from him
because Stefan young didn't have
specific information where specifically
aware and inches like where you cut
where you drill the holes so check out
his video maserati rata if you want to
do a build of the silver flyer this
thing though
deafening sets it's easy to make it's
not easy to make it really isn't easy to
make and the reason why it's not easy to
make the lights it's because of you need
to put a lot of elbow elbow grease and a
lot of mites and drilling the holes in
the metal I had to use the drill press
in order to drill the specific holes for
the handle for the mounts the slider
mount or you know for the slider mounts
and some holes for on the couplers so
it's it's not it's not easy it's pretty
quite difficult and took me about a few
days think about two days two days just
to actually put this all together and
you know assemble it's sorry for the
lights um actually Hurricane Sandy's
outside
she's PMSing very bad so that's why you
see all the lights kind of flickering on
and off
hurricane sandy PMSing well anyways yeah
the build up here is pretty difficult
now another guy that I want to mention
is Scott from frugal filemaker he made a
frugal flutter again check out that
video and I forgot to mention Maserati
paradas video check get down here right
here so for a frugal filemaker check
that out mozzarel prada check that out
anyways
all the video links would be in done in
the description box below so check them
out but going back to scoff of the
frugal filemaker he made a frugal
floater and he made it off of PVC pipes
and a macro slider
raiga and it was pretty cool and what he
says is that balancing the floater is
really difficult and truthfully it is
difficult because you have to give it
some thought you have to put time and
effort and balancing this piece if you
don't balance it it's not going it's the
whole system's gonna go topsy-turvy on
you and right now I've I've filled with
this and kind of found out on balancing
it correctly again right from here from
here below let me tilt this down right
here I don't have any weights on this
because if I have weights on this the
thing would go up would rock would rock
back and forth inside the slide so I
have no weights I have all the weights
back over here as you could see right
here all the washers right here so I
have all the weights over there and
scada the frugal filemaker gives you
tips on how to balance the floater so
check that video out check him out one
of the guys I want to mention is W
escalator link would be in description
box of him he has made other Merlin's
style design camera stabilizers on his
website and YouTube page and those are
really interesting and those are pretty
cool in my opinion and they work pretty
well from what I saw in the in his video
but um yeah so though check out those
four guys Stephanie on Mazzara Prada
frugal filemaker and double escalator if
you want to build a merlin style camera
stable
and I'll have some test footage of this
in the near future and I'll be using
this on the ESB pretty cool huh so if
you found this video helpful please
subscribe check out my other videos of
the ASP and give me a thumbs up and
actually building this so yeah join me
next time for another asp video and yeah
guerrilla 47 0